hey everybody this is Terry we're here
for the proto school community call
which is now monthly on November 7th so
we have just a few updates for you today
but they're exciting ones with new stuff
that we've released so I will let Jill
start us off with a new tutorial ok so
we have a new tutorial on the regular
files API which I will begin sharing
right now if I can find the right screen
here we go can you see it ok so we have
the outline for the new tutorial we go
through the difference between this this
API in the bag API and DM FS API which
we already have a tutorial on we talked
about how we work with files in proto
school how we have a file using this API
read the contents of a file also add
files into a directory list of the
directory with a file in a directory in
getting all the files in the directory
so we go all of the all of the most
basic use cases for this API and one of
the most important parts about this
course is this tutorial is discussing
the differences between this API and the
em FS API which as I said we already
have a tutorial on so feel free to check
it out and give us feedback if you do I
mean I think we can move on to yeah the
most interesting thing that I learned
while helping a bit with this one was
about the rap with directory option when
you add a file so when you're not using
the mutable filesystem there is still a
little bit of flexibility to use some
file names in your paths instead of just
see ideas that's on things that can be
challenging for people so keep an eye
out for that trick if you check this out
and then
fine I think I want to share with you so
if you go to the website repo right now
and the readme this used to have all of
the instructions for building a tutorial
so in the view what are the files that
you need to make how do you do the
validation all of those really technical
pieces and what we've done now is adding
a whole section you see we've broken out
the files but we've added a new section
on designing effective tutorials so this
starts with the process of looking at
what are our principles so making sure
that we have speaking a friendly content
that we have the scaffolding that we
need to get people up to more advanced
content that we're doing things
cohesively so we're not creating
creating one-off things that don't fit
with the material that we're offering
and then it goes through what the
process is for sort of suggesting a new
idea for a tutorial and getting feedback
from the group we can help you kind of
layout and outline
make sure you're in good shape before
you start building a tutorial so that
you're not sort of spinning your wheels
during the process and then this also
talks a bit about sort of the
capabilities and limitations of our
platform so for example you need to be
building browser-based code challenges
so that means that they're gonna be
JavaScript like JSI PFS challenges in
the browser we support IP FS but we
don't yet support limpidity all these
kinds of details you can find here so if
you're trying to decide whether building
a tutorial is right for you this is a
great place to start and we do ask you
to read this and its entirety
before you actually build anything and
we have some tips also about things like
using inclusive language or chunking
things out step-by-step so you're just
teaching one content one one lesson at a
time like one little tidbit and also
stuff about the way that you present API
methods some tips that will kind of help
beginners a lot of the times that both
Jill and I have run into the problem
where we realized that you have to use
some of the more complex JavaScript
methods to complete a tutorial and we're
trying to teach something about IPF
that's not about JavaScript so ways that
you can give people support on the
JavaScript side so that's not the
challenge they're facing it's tougher
about the feedback that you give users
so this content is all new and you'll
find if you're looking for the content
that was here before it's now in
developing tutorials page what you used
to find and readme is over here so I
like the detail about the files that you
create and all of that jazz is still
here it's just been moved a little bit
so that's the other new piece that we're
super excited about take a quick look at
our notes and see what else we've done
lately um we fixed a couple of smaller
issues like updating the updating the
instructions for running your local
server or fixing the way the
capitalization works under the hood just
a few pieces here and there we have some
new organizers that were added to it
Bangalore chapter and that's yeah we've
been pouring a lot of new tutorials so
that's where a lot of our stuff is
happening right now we also have some
work underway working on creating a
template slide deck that people can use
and Tamales also working on creating a
sort of introduction to ipfs guide so
there are a few things underway that we
hope to have for you possibly later this
quarter if things work out oh yeah I
think that's it for our updates is there
anything that you wanted to share from
Tokyo oh yeah as to the template that
I'm always suggested I actually received
a good one from Steven I think it is
already shared with you already but I
think it's covers it covers most of the
ipfs core knowledge so it's a really
good start point so that we can share
yes older chapters yeah in Molly's going
through that presentation that Steven
gave she sounds like she's made a few
updates to the presentation itself which
is also gonna build out the speaker
notes and then we're planning on sharing
a video of Steven delivering that
presentation so if you were going to
present it you could watch his first and
make sure things you're able to you
before us that were working on yeah
we're working on kinda gathering up
those resources okay cool awesome
anything else people would like to chat
about today you had a couple of events
out there recently didn't you yeah I had
a two events before and DEF CON Osaka
and after they've gone Osaka so and I
got a typhoon so happy Holi schedule
like of three times it's kind of hard to
manage all the Jenny an airing spot but
uh Anna booked and up was a really great
opportunity to introduce idea fast to
Japanese local developers as well as
international developers and yeah I also
created IRC channel so that people can
stay connected with each other so I
think it's nice yeah awesome cool
anything else people want to chat about
before we go okay so my just one quick
reminder is that we've changed the
scheduling of this meeting to be monthly
instead of weekly so that means it'll be
the first Thursday of December that
we'll see each other next and that same
um there's one github issue about this
meeting that I just keep updating and
reminding people of the new time and the
link to join us so keep an eye there if
you'd like to join and we will see you
all next month with more updates but
feel free to follow along on the
progress on github as we go okay thanks
everybody
see you later - bye